Issue #3091 - Add etcd dependency TLS support (#3102)
cortexproject/cortex: CHANGELOG.md

  * `cortex_ingester_received_files`
  * `cortex_ingester_received_bytes_total`
  * `cortex_ingester_sent_bytes_total`

> * [CHANGE] The buckets for the `cortex_chunk_store_index_lookups_per_query` metric have been changed to 1, 2, 4, 8, 16. #3021

Reviewer: This should be here. Please rebase `master` instead of merging it.

* [ENHANCEMENT] Add "integration" as a label for `cortex_alertmanager_notifications_total` and `cortex_alertmanager_notifications_failed_total` metrics. #3056
* [ENHANCEMENT] Add `cortex_ruler_config_last_reload_successful` and `cortex_ruler_config_last_reload_successful_seconds` to check status of users rule manager. #3056
* [ENHANCEMENT] Memcached dial() calls now have an optional circuit-breaker to avoid hammering a broken cache #3051

> * [ENHANCEMENT] Add TLS support for etcd in ring #3091

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* [ENHANCEMENT] Add TLS support to etcd client (used by the hash ring). #3091
```

* [ENHANCEMENT] Add "integration" as a label for `cortex_alertmanager_notifications_total` and `cortex_alertmanager_notifications_failed_total` metrics. #3056
* [ENHANCEMENT] Add `cortex_ruler_config_last_reload_successful` and `cortex_ruler_config_last_reload_successful_seconds` to check status of users rule manager. #3056
* [ENHANCEMENT] Memcached dial() calls now have an optional circuit-breaker to avoid hammering a broken cache #3051

> * [ENHANCEMENT] Add TLS support to etcd client (used by the hash ring). #3091

Reviewer 2: We normally use PR numbers in the changelog, so this should be

```suggestion
* [ENHANCEMENT] Add TLS support to etcd client. #3102
```

(Also etcd client is used at different places, eg. HA Tracker, so I've removed "used by the hash ring" part).
